It’s a behind story about how HaSeul became the third member of LOONA!!!
‘To be honeset, it doesn’t feel real that I’ve become the third member’
‘I always... practiced dancing and singing until midnight’
‘to get a good score in a group performance test...’
‘But I missed two parts of choreography in the test...’
‘after the test finished, I came out the test room... and cried!’
'Because I thought I can’t be the new member of LOONA’
‘Friends helped me calm down and said it’ll be alright’
'But... when I went back to the test room'
'The manager said… 'we made a decision. The new member is HaSeul’'
'I couldn’t stop crying after I heard that!!'
HaSeul cried a lot when she heard the news she is the third member of LOONA
‘I can’t forget that moment...really…’
‘It was a kind of stunning moment for me!!!’